# Weather Dashboard

This project was designed to create a Weather Dashboard, an application which presents a visual representation of both the current weather and the five-day weather forecast for a particular city. A city search on the application saves that city in another field to make it available for future use without having to search again. The Current Weather field contains the City name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, humidity wind speed, and the UV index, which is color-coded to indicate whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe. There are 5-Day Forecast panels that start with the following day and include entries for the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, and the humidity.


## Requirements

To achieve this functionality, we were required to use the OpenWeather API to to retrieve weather data for cities. Third-party APIs are valuable resources for developers, allowing them to mine useful data that they can manipulate to create useful applications like the present example. However, one must learn to make well-tailored requests to receive back the precise data that is needed, and fulfill the requirements set up by the API to grant access. We also needed to use effective localStorage to store the cities from previous searches and allow them to return site-specific updated weather data. The data from the last search also must persist when the User first returns to the site for a new search. Although there is a basic HTML file preloaded with Bootstraps and a variety of fonts available, it is expected that most of the HTML will be dynamically generated by JavaScript.


## Resources

OpenWeather API presents instructions on how to access and use their data when one enters the site. We are also presented with a functional demo of the fully-built and functional site, so we may attempt to copy its general look and functionality. An index.html file preloaded with fonts from Fontawesome and Google and basic Bootstrap functionality gives us the basis for our front end. 
